
# Building a Learning Application using Amazon Bedrock

This is a Generative AI and a large language model (LLM) application showcase using Amazon Bedrock, Python, and AWS CDK. It contains the source code of a sample web application for teachers to create course materials and for students, to learn English words and sentences.

What can teachers do using the web application?
- Create questions from a sentence using a large language model 
- Create an image based on the sentence using a text-to-image model
- Save the sentence, the generated questions, and the generated image into an assignment bank
- Browse assignments, generated questions, and generated images from the assignment bank

 What can students do using the web application?
- Select and review an assignment from the assignment bank
- Provide answers to the questions for the selected assignment 
- See the grading scores of the answers generated by an NLP model
- Check the suggested word improvements generated by an NLP model
- Check the suggested sentence improvements generated by an NLP model

The `cdk.json` file tells the CDK Toolkit how to execute your app.

This project is set up like a standard Python project.  The initialization
process also creates a virtualenv within this project, stored under the `.venv`
directory.  To create the virtualenv it assumes that there is a `python3`
(or `python` for Windows) executable in your path with access to the `venv`
package. If for any reason the automatic creation of the virtualenv fails,
you can create the virtualenv manually.

To manually create a virtualenv on MacOS and Linux:

```
$ python3 -m venv .venv
```

After the init process completes and the virtualenv is created, you can use the following
step to activate your virtualenv.

```
$ source .venv/bin/activate
```

If you are a Windows platform, you would activate the virtualenv like this:

```
% .venv\Scripts\activate.bat
```

Once the virtualenv is activated, you can install the required dependencies.

```
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

You need to install and start docker on your MacOS.

You also need to configure the application by setting two parameters in the parameters.json:
- s3_bucket_name: your S3 bucket to save the images generated by large language model.
- ai21_api_key: API Key for your ai21.com account.

At this point you can now synthesize the CloudFormation template for this code.

```
$ cdk synth
```

## Useful commands

 * `cdk ls`          list all stacks in the app
 * `cdk synth`       emits the synthesized CloudFormation template
 * `cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
 * `cdk diff`        compare deployed stack with current state
 * `cdk docs`        open CDK documentation

Enjoy!
